Week 2 Exercise: Logic and Python - Introduction to Basic Data Types, Functions and Github Name: Megan BeardsleyInstructions This assignment has two sections. The first section includes 5 short answer questions. The second part of the assignment is connecting through GitHub. If you have any questions on how to start or if you get stuck, refer to the discussion board and ask your questions there. You are allowed to use your notes, lectures and the internet. Students can work together on the question portion and discuss the coding exercise. For the coding exercise, you are allowed to talk to other classmates but you cannot have the same code. Once complete, please save your assignment as a PDF and submit it both to the online course and tag your instructor on Github.Short Answer (1 point each)1.     In your own words, explain what you believe Git is:Git is a system that helps to save and store your file at any point, like a Òplace saver.Ó This allows you to go back and see where any possible changes need to be made in order to fix bug.  2.     What are the basic usages of Git?Through Git you can create a repository (a collection of commits), identify what files Git does not know about and add them to your repo, and save your commits.3.     What are the disadvantages of  GitHub?  GitHub possesses some security risks for users, enabling hackers to access data that has been stored in GitHub. 4.     What security features does GitHub offer?  GitHub looks for vulnerabilities in your code, alerts you if there is an issue. Coding Exercise (6 points)Please set up with Github. Github will be our way to send files during the course and for your instructor to give you specific feedback on assignments. Please note, you are still required to submit your assignments in the online course in addition to Github. This is a quick overview of what you will be doing:1. Generate SSH Key2. Add SSH Key to GitHub.com3. Configure some git settings4. Fork the class repository on GitHub5. Connect to the class repository Instructions: Please go to this link and follow the instructions: ttps://product.hubspot.com/blog/git-and-github-tutorial-for-beginnersYou can also take a look at the PDF version of the instructions: PDF versionOnce you have completed this portion of the assignment, your instructor will send you a message through GitHub to confirm you are connected. 